I feel great!
They call me the bird that flies on
the turf. Of course I feel great!
Seiun Sky-san, tell us what you're thinking.
I won the Satsukishou, but I guess
I'm only the third favorite.
Does that mean everyone will
be surprised if I win?
Or maybe not?
There's so many people.
Please look this way.
S-Sure.
Special Week-san, do you
think you can win the Derby?
Well… Uh…
Be silly!!
I have to be silly?!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Japanese Derby
It'll take more than skill to win.
Do you hear the fanfare as
we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
If we just start to run, that's
where our story will begin
It's always waiting right in front of us
If you reach out just a little
more, we can seize that glory
Aim for the top, challenge
them all, and it's off to the races
Even the goddess of victory will be dazzled
By your big debut that's just around the bend
So can you hear the fanfare
as we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Let's overtake them all! It's
a track laid out just for you!
Your dreams are at the finish if you believe
Race 5
The Derby With Rivals
Spe, this is the last one!
Get ready!
Start!
I'm so tired.
You can do more.
Why are you working us
so hard today, Trainer?
You saw the way Taiki Shuttle ran, right?
We need to train you to take shallow steps
so that you won't slow down on hills.
Spe-senpai's amazing…
How many sets has she run?
The Derby's going to be
the longest race you've ever run.
Just when you think you can't run anymore,
you've gotta face the hill.
You need to be able to handle this, Spe!
What's my time?
42.8 seconds.
Good job!
That's my best time so far, right?
Come on, you've got to
beat 40 seconds at least.
I'm already at my limit!
Well, that's too bad.
If you can't push your limits, you're not
going to be able to beat those two.
Trainer-san…
Hmm?
Time me again!
One, two…
Excuse me!
She's fast!
Who was that?
I think it was Seiun Sky-san,
but doesn't she normally
not take stuff seriously?
I can't afford to take it easy.
The Derby's going to be tough.
What's wrong?
It's rare to see you two exhausted.
El Condor Pasa's so fast.
Let's go one more time.
Me, too.
El Condor Pasa's doing pretty well.
Rudolf…
She's got speed and stamina.
I'm sure the 2,400 meters won't
feel long to her at all.
She's done five races and taken them all.
If she takes the Derby without losing,
she might just carve out a legend like yours.
I was filled with so many
emotions when I took the Derby.
I want her to experience the same thing.
El Condor Pasa, I'll race you, too.
I was waiting for this!
It's amazing the three of
them made it on the cover.
I can't wait to see who'll win.
For the Derby…
It's Maruzensky-san!
Maruzensky
You need speed and stamina, of course,
but they say the luckiest
horse girl always wins.
What's wrong? Your face is all red.
I was just thinking about
how beautiful she is…
The girl with luck on her side will win, huh?
That's right.
That would be me, then!
I got an extra can of juice from the
vending machine lottery a second ago.
Carrot Juice
That's impressive.
How nice…
I never get lucky.
Oh, I won another one free!
Pretty lucky!
How nice…
I-I'm sorry!
I'm really sorry…
I'm the only one who's not lucky.
It's okay.
You're lucky that the cup didn't break.
Anyway, I'll be watching all of you.
She's so pretty and cool!
Hey, Scarlet!
Class A
You're on class duty today!
I wanna start training right away!
Don't slack off!
Tracen Academy
Team List
Hey, McQueen.
Mejiro McQueen
What do you want?
Team List
---
Team Rigil
Symboli Rudolf - Hishi Amazon
Taiki Shuttle - El Condor Pasa
Air Groove - Maruzensky - T.M Opera O
Narita Brian - Fuji Kiseki - Grass Wonder
---
Team Aschera
Golden Hint - Groom Monday
UN Cyclone - NPlace Me
Yasuda Repeat - Hidaka Warrior
I'm busy choosing a team.
Perfect timing.
Could you join Spica?
Do you understand what you're saying?
I don't want to have a
rival in the same team,
but Gold Ship is saying that
if I don't get you to join us,
she's going to give me a piledriver.
G-Gold Ship?
You know her?
Well, more like she doesn't stop bugging me,
even though I don't show interest.
Hot mustard!
The eraser!
Oh my…
She seems to like me for some reason.
Maybe it's like me and the Prez?
Suzuka-san, let me go again.
Spe-chan…
Don't push yourself.
Suzuka-san…
Right!
I was ninth place in the Derby.
It was pretty long for me,
and I couldn't push myself hard enough.
I see.
How do you overcome your limits?
Well…
You love carrots, so how about
putting some at the finish line?
Hey, Suzuka-san!
Give me a serious answer.
To be the number one horse girl in Japan…
The dream and promise I made with my mother.
I want it to come true through the Derby.
I also have a dream I want to come true,
now that I've joined Spica.
Huh?
Coming up, I have the
Takarazuka Kinen, Mainichi Okan,
the Tennoushou in the Fall,
the Japan Cup, and then after that…
Well, it's still a secret.
No fair! Tell me!
If you win the Derby, I'll tell you.
You're such a tease, Suzuka-san!
This is my plan.
Understand?
No problem.
Make sure you watch closely for any
moves that Special Week might make.
Japanese Derby Course Map
I am concerned about Spe-chan, but
I'll trust in my own judgment as I run.
Of course.
You've got good racing instincts.
As long as you put in
the effort, you can't lose.
Right!
Teio, where's your trainer?
I came to help you…
That's a daughter of the
Mejiro family for you!
You have perfectly balanced—
Hey! What are you doing?
I guess McQueen won't fit in here.
That's what I've been saying since yesterday!
Good work, Teio!
Mejiro McQueen, please sign here!
I'll be sitting in first.
But I want to run with you.
Hey, you don't have to cry!
I'm not saying I won't join.
McQueen is surprisingly…
…pretty easy to handle.
You're going to run with me?!
Try passing me.
Thank you.
Spe, overcome your limits!
If you can't beat 40 seconds,
you'll never be able to win the Derby!
Right!
Let's go!
Ready…
Start!
Sh-She's fast.
I want to catch up to Suzuka-san.
Someday when I race her, I…
That's why I need to do this!
Derby!
Spe-chan's getting faster.
Trainer-san, what's my time?
Oh man, I forgot to start the time.
Hey, do your job!
My bad.
What are you guys doing?
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
It's finally time for the Japanese Derby.
Watch over her.
Japanese Derby
It's finally that time of year!
It's the festival of horse girls! The Tokyo
Yushun, a.k.a the Japanese Derby!
Horse Girl
Castellas
Corn
Japanese
Derby
The more than 150,000 spectators
are filling the seats!
Take-san, what do you think?
We've got plenty of stars this year.
There are eighteen qualifying
horse girls with us today, and
plenty of rivalries among them.
Which horse girl will win
glory out there on the track?
Oh, she's here.
H-Hi there.
Looks like you're nervous.
I'm worried if I'll be
able to surpass my limits.
What are you…
You practiced hill running so many times.
Now, you've just gotta have
as much fun as you can.
R-Right.
Here you go.
Good luck!
Is this a four leaf clover?
Yeah!
We all looked for it together.
The luckiest horse wins the Derby.
You guys…
We couldn't really find one…
But McQueen found that one for you.
I just happened to spot one.
She's helping out our team already.
You have to reward someone
when they're working so hard.
Now luck will be on your side, Spe-chan.
You guys…
Mejiro McQueen-san, you too.
Thank you all!
I'm really happy!
I'll be going!
Now, it's time for the horse girls to enter!
El Condor Pasa, #1, will be entering later.
First, #3 in the Yayoishou,
and #2 in the Satsukishou…
It's King Halo!
King Halo
Will she overcome her
disgrace in the Satsukishou?
Show us a miracle, Special Week!
It's even more amazing than the other races.
So this is the Derby…
She succeeded with her diet.
I think she can do this.
She's the winner of the Satsukishou,
and she wants her second crown!
It's the trickster, Seiun Sky!
She's got more presence now.
El Condor Pasa…
Y-Yes?!
Hmm? So you get nervous too, huh?
Well, it's my first time.
There are no absolutes in a race, they say.
I don't blame you for getting nervous.
But a horse girl born to dominate
doesn't need to hear kind words.
El Condor Pasa, show your
absolute best performance.
Understood?
Yes, I'll win.
I absolutely will.
We have our last horse, Bracket 1, Number 1.
She's won five out of five races.
She's the invincible bird that knows no loss,
El Condor Pasa!
She's the clear favorite.
I will dominate.
Everyone's ready for a fight today.
Spe looks so small.
Trainer…
You've got those backwards.
You're getting too nervous.
I'm not nervous at all!
You can do this, Spe.
We're all ready now.
Tokyo
It's time for the Japanese Derby fanfare.
It's almost time for the climax of the event!
The festival of horse girls,
the Japanese Derby.
It's time to…
…start!
Who will take the lead of the pack?
We have Seiun Sky in the lead.
No, King Halo from the inside.
Yasuda Repeat has come up front!
They're all fighting hard for that lead!
You can do it!
Go, go!
Spe-chan…
Go!
Go for it, Spe-chan!
The leaders are exiting the first
turn and heading for the second.
Which horse girl will take the lead?
Go, Spe!
They're making the second turn
and crossing the track.
Seiun Sky is in second.
King Halo is in first!
She's changed her strategy
from her last race!
I won't let you take over.
That's fine by me.
Special Week is staying in the middle!
The slipstream!
Looks like that training is paying off.
Seiun Sky-san is over there…
I wonder where El-chan is…
I'm right here.
El Condor Pasa is heading up the rear.
King Halo is losing her cool.
I don't blame her for getting anxious.
They're making the third turn.
King Halo is in the lead.
When will Seiun Sky make her move?
And Special Week and El Condor
Pasa, for that matter!
I have… I have to take a further lead.
I'm not letting that happen.
Will someone make their move soon?
I'm sure they're going to
come from behind real fast.
I need to hurry up and make my move.
Wh-What?
Seiun Sky is making her
move on the fourth corner!
She's caught up with King Halo!
Seiun Sky took the lead!
Is that it for King Halo?
Seiun Sky is in the lead!
Special Week!
Here comes Special Week!
Go!
So you've come, Spe-chan!
But…!
There's less than 400 meters left!
Spe-chan can't handle hills.
It's the hill!
She's using her shallow stride!
I've got stamina left.
Hills…
…are all about guts!
Oh my! Special Week has
caught up to Seiun Sky!
She's passing her! She's passing her!
Why? I'm running as fast as I can!
No…
No!
She ran right past her!
Special Week's up front!
Damn it!
Oh, wow! That's some fast
movement from the inside!
She's come! She's come!
She's flying like a bird out there…
It's…
…El Condor Pasa!
She's catching up!
She's catching up to Special Week!
All right! Catch up to her!
She's come, huh?
She's super fast!
El Condor Pasa's catching
up with frightening speed!
There's 200 meters left!
The favorite has made her appearance at last!
She's taken the lead in an instant!
She's fast…
El Condor Pasa is way too fast!
Don't give up yet.
This is where…
This is where you…
…overcome your limits!
They're in the last 50 meters!
The finish line is right in front of them!
All right!
I'm sure my mom is cheering
me on right now.
I don't want to give up yet!
Spe-chan!
Suzuka-san…
Everyone…
Special Week is regaining her wind!
No way!
Just who will win the Derby?!
Will it be El Condor Pasa or Special Week?
Photo
Tokyo
A photo…
…finish?
The Japanese Derby this year will
come down to a photo finish.
It's a photo finish!
S-Spe-chan!
S-Suzuka-san…
Spe-chan!
I overcame my limits…
Yeah.
I guess my friends in Spica turned out
to be my carrots at the finish line.
Dead Heat
Tokyo
A dead heat?
A dead heat!
A dead heat?!
I can't believe it!
This Derby has two winners!
El Condor Pasa and Special Week!
I-I did it!
Suzuka-san, I did it!
Special Week's pretty good.
Yeah.
I'll be winning outright next time.
Bring it on.
Spe-chan, thank you.
Huh?
That was the funnest race I've had so far!
Me, too!
El-chan, thank you!
Mom, did you see me out there?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm